Ques 1 - What is Git?
Ans- Git is a popular version control system(vcs), it was created by Linus Torvalds in 2005 and has been maintained by Junio Hamano.
Git is used for tracking code changes, tracking who made changes like history of the files and coding collaborations.

Ques 2 - What do you understand by the term ‘Version control System?
Ans- It is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time, so that we can recall specific versions later,
i.e., for every source code changes in a file a new version will be created.

Ques 3 - What is GitHub?
Ans- GitHub is a for-profit company that offers a cloud-based Git repository hosting service. Essentially, it makes it a lot easier for individuals and teams to use Git for version control and collaboration.
GitHub's interface is user-friendly enough so even novice coders can take advantage of Git. Without GitHub, using Git generally requires a bit more technical savvy and use of the command line.

Ques 4 - Mention some popular Git hosting services.
Ans- There are some popular Git hosting services, some of them are given below-
GitLab, Bitbucket, codebase, Amazon AWS CodeCommit etc.

Ques 5 - Different types of version control systems?
Ans- There are 3 types of version control systems -
      i) Local Version Control System
      ii) Centralised Control System
      iii) Distributed Version Control System

Ques 6 - What benefits come with using GIT ?
Ans- Git is a DevOps tool used for source code management. It is a free and open-source version control system used to handle small to very large projects efficiently. Git is used to tracking changes in the source code, 
enabling multiple developers to work together on non-linear development.

Ques 7 - What is a Git repository?
Ans- Repositories in GIT contain a collection of files of various different versions of a Project. These files are imported from the repository into the local server of the user for further updations and modifications in 
the content of the file.

Ques 8 - How can you initialize a repository in Git?
Ans- To create a new repo, we'll use the git init command. git init is a one-time command we use during the initial setup of a new repo. Executing this command will create a new .git subdirectory in our current working directory. 
This will also create a new main branch.
